ah
the dirt race was at Carolina Speedway
in Gastonia and barely got there you
know we accept throughout the move and
all that stuff went on but we did make
it we gotta got there for the test which
was on Thursday
and we thought man if we just get
through the test today we'll have Friday
off you know kind of just go over the
car and be ready to go Saturday right
they're running I kept getting better
and better every every practice session
but the problem I was having was down
the straightaways the car would up you
come off like four and two and it'd be
sideways on a sudden you can feel it
coming about timing starts straighten up
a little bit like this it would it would
hook right you know I could follow an
left friend hook right so we changed a
couple things got a little bit better
but never really fix it and then the
last time out you know I kept being a
little more braver and braver burn you
don't feel better about the car so go
out last time and tell me maybe I'll
just drive to it maybe it's something
else going on but it's do it at that
every straightaway you know so the last
time out I think it's almost last lap
come on for start the lay over again
like this try to drive to it all sudden
they just cut right again I got in the
wall and we basically took out the right
side of the car
and did some damage to the
lower a-frame
and the body
the two rear quarter panels radiator and
some bracing for the sidewalls so we got
it back to the shop assess the situation
and we were up until 2:00 3:00 o'clock
this morning getting it ready to go and
we made it to the track just hour and a
half ago and we're ready to go we can't
make it changes got a little better in
qualify 10 felt pretty good about that
but still having the same issues you
know and so we've made a couple more
changes for the race at one time I
looked up and it was like the whole car
was just surrounded by people trying to
help us and I thought that was pretty
cool even though it's a it's a little
distracting you know when when you're at
a racetrack you're trying to focus on
what you got going on you know and you
get a lot of people telling you well you
should try this try this or do this and
try this line try this spindle and move
the spring and try this tire just bam
bam bam bam bam one right to another but
the cool thing about it was that the
thing that helps you get through
something like that was all the people's
will help you know the support that we
got was unbelievable and how do you tell
somebody uh you know okay we'll try that
in a little bit or whatever we'll try
next time but everybody's just offering
so much help is just unbelievable it's
really cool and I want to thank all the
people who've done that
they go through the green for the race
it was the tracks a little slicker and
what was you don't qualify
and dust was fine and everybody was
going for the spot and I come off full
renown first time BAM
they'll to right-rear I was like man I
didn't fix this coming up all night come
off again I think they had caution so
next time in what green fire come off
damn booms smacked it again and thank
God there wasn't a wall on the back
stretch either
I've been double whammy on that night
but so then you know coming off with a
third lap the green flag lap run a good
young gonna be okay
you know getting you through the corners
real wheel is just down straightaways my
problem so I come on forward again and
there's gonna be close I'll sudden boom
you're so close I got
they are like short but overall you know
we learned a lot we came back to the
shop found found the problem hopefully
won't happen again and learned a lot I
don't know what not to do and some few
things what to do but uh mainly what not
to do and so hopefully next time we'll
be in good shape
I was born somewhere
your liver
I'll always be here boy
failures not an option i'ma get it
poppin this is how they build me round
to the filthy mo typos try but they
couldn't kill me try to assassinate my
character but I'm still me
challenger I can fit you